I've got another outfit of the day for
you today and so I went out just a town
with my friends and it is really one
today so I didn't even wear a jacket I
just wore like a denim vest thing so I
was really excited and yeah so I'll just
show you what my hair is just a mess I
didn't know what to do so I just kill
there back home is this huge kind of
look like a lot of shame see that's why
I don't I don't need to have a like and
ignore my love is like I said niched
kind of and I bought this last year in
sale in not sure you can get in you know
try it maybe on eBay yeah open jumper I
had to buy another one of these so I
just tucked in really messy because I
just wanted my shoes my Nev favorite
shoes in the world
how them the other few days ago no more
these every day since then but maybe
someone else call this problem they
really really like perfect fit for your
foot I'm really hard like at the back
and making me like huge blisters but
still gonna wear them moms like why
still wearing their me they add such
texture to um like an old fits you know
they're just really nice and my bag like
Christmas I think that looks really like
you going to school and my jewelry is my
wife's having a sauce workplace and my
new one is from accessorize just like an
O is really I went in to buy buy this
necklace is a beautiful leaf it looks
like a real leaf I had one of these and
it cracked because they quite shape when
you like cracks so I couldn't these nine
pounds and go to the hotel and the girl
goes today is jewelry like three for two
randomly thing so I think I'll do a hole
for you all soon yeah and this random
necklace chain yeah my makeup is from
this plan I from a London I'm wearing
this color and white the highlight on my
cheeks is the Topshop bronze radium - on
my lips is which is finishing with any
didn't I'm from and on top of this for
you and I think I'm going to start
making like how major E and stuff
and just leather bags I'm just gonna
make it myself and I might put on my
blog so if anyone likes it you can order
one and I'll make it for you
so yes and I wouldn't blog about this I
made like the pictures step-by-step so
you know what to do so we'll put that up
just on time but it will go up and maybe
tomorrow okay yeah so that's it pretty
much
and yeah